(sakuli/sakuli-docker#20) Added information on how to access a privat… (#60)
sakuli/docs: content/enterprise_features/e2e.md

docker run -e GIT_URL=<REPOSITORY URL> [-e GIT_CONTEXT_DIR=<RELATIVE PATH TO TESTSUITE >] -e SAKULI_LICENSE_KEY=<YOUR SAKULI LICENSE KEY> taconsol/sakuli:2.3.0
{{</highlight>}}

> `GIT_URL` specifies the URL of the cloned repository. To access a private repository you have to check if your git service provides the possibility to authenticate via URL parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GIT_URL` specifies the URL of the repository to be cloned. To access a private repository, please ensure, your git service provides the possibility to authenticate via URL parameters. 
```

> This is the case with [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token), [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/deploy_tokens/#git-clone-a-repository) and [Bitbucket](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/personal-access-tokens-939515499.html?_ga=2.213635799.231132925.1597055610-1046501904.1597055610).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is possible with common git services like [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token), [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/deploy_tokens/#git-clone-a-repository) and [Bitbucket](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/personal-access-tokens-939515499.html?_ga=2.213635799.231132925.1597055610-1046501904.1597055610).
```

> To authenticate with a token on GitHub, you can use: `https://<token>@github.com/<username>/<repository.git>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate with a token on GitHub, use: `https://<token>@github.com/<username>/<repository.git>`.
```
